in this video I will show you what I
think is the best way to find materials
and karma also on top of that you'll get
a huge amount of look so get that magic
find percentage up don't get me wrong
there better ways to farm karma
materials but you'll have to do them
separately so this way you'll save some
time let's start off with the location
it is located in the silver wastes if
you don't have this area you can walk
through Brisbane wild lands from the
Vandals claim once you're in you would
want to find a map that are doing the
foothold event if you're not in one
already you can do that by opening lfg
which stands for looking for a group the
living world zap and find one that says
SW fifty percent or higher basically the
higher the better because you're closer
to the end boss once you're in the map
you would want to find the events there
are plenty all around the map so start
doing them I would recommend even if you
don't do the whole event just do a
little bit you can get the award so that
is how you get karma and believe me you
get a lot of garment with this method
now I'm going to show you how you get
the materials it does involve salvaging
gear you get a lot of gear bags while
doing these events once you open one of
these bags you'll get few pieces of
armor or weapons you would want to
salvage them Sergey get materials and a
huge amount of work after you have
salvaged them it is your choice if you
want to either sell them all the Trading
Post or give them for yourself for later
on after you have completed a foot whole
event don't leave just yet once you have
protected the key long enough you'll see
that they will appear a hole in all the
keeps you want to jump in the hole keep
in mind you'll have to jump if you walk
into the hole yours I in each keep their
different bosses so be sure to check
them all out so you know which one you
like and which don't there is a time
period you'll have to complete it in so
try your best by the way the more people
doesn't mean better as many of you might
think the bosses get stronger were there
more people and once there are huge
amount of people it is impossible to
kill you kill them or not you'll still
get to the last boss the champion there
are three paths you can choose from once
you have decided which one it will be
you'll have to protect the siege until
you can get inside and fight the boss
for example if you go to path 1 or
bottom you can only fight that boss
after that you can't just go to another
path and fight the other boss once all
three of the bosses are dead people from
all the paths can get in and get the
loot after that you can sell or salvage
again to get even more materials and
luck I hope you got the idea of how to
farm karma materials if you enjoyed this
video be sure to leave a like and
subscribe and as always see you next
time